.ie \n(.g .ds Aq \(aq
.el .ds Aq '
.TH daft-exec 1  "daft-exec 1.11.0" 
.SH NAME
daft\-exec \- Run a command across one or more worktrees
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBdaft\-exec\fR [\fB\-\-all\fR] [\fB\-x\fR|\fB\-\-exec\fR] [\fB\-\-sequential\fR] [\fB\-\-keep\-going\fR] [\fB\-\-refresh\-aliases\fR] [\fB\-h\fR|\fB\-\-help\fR] [\fB\-V\fR|\fB\-\-version\fR] [\fITARGETS\fR] [\fICMD\fR] 
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Runs one or more commands against one or more selected worktrees without
changing the current directory.
.PP
Targets may be given as positional branch or worktree\-directory names, or
globs against branch names (e.g. \*(Aqfeat/*\*(Aq). Use \-\-all to target every
worktree in the repository. Positionals and \-\-all are mutually exclusive.
.PP
Commands are expressed either as a literal argv after \-\-, or as one or
more \-x shell strings. The two forms are mutually exclusive. Multiple \-x
values run sequentially per worktree; a failure stops that worktree but
does not stop other worktrees.
.PP
When a single worktree is targeted, stdio is fully inherited, making
interactive programs (claude, vim, fzf) work the same as if you had cd\*(Aqd
into the worktree first.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-\-all\fR
Target every worktree in the repository
.TP
\fB\-x\fR, \fB\-\-exec\fR \fI<CMD>\fR
Shell command to run (repeatable); runs via $SHELL \-c
.TP
\fB\-\-sequential\fR
Run worktrees one at a time and stop on first failure
.TP
\fB\-\-keep\-going\fR
Run worktrees one at a time and continue through failures
.TP
\fB\-\-refresh\-aliases\fR
Re\-capture user shell aliases instead of using the cached snapshot
.TP
\fB\-h\fR, \fB\-\-help\fR
Print help (see a summary with \*(Aq\-h\*(Aq)
.TP
\fB\-V\fR, \fB\-\-version\fR
Print version
.TP
[\fITARGETS\fR]
Target worktree(s) by branch name, directory name, or glob
.TP
[\fICMD\fR]
Trailing command vector after `\-\-`. Mutually exclusive with `\-x`
.SH EXTRA
EXAMPLES:
    Run a single command across all worktrees:
        daft exec \-\-all \-\- npm test

    Run on specific branches (glob and exact mix):
        daft exec feat/auth \*(Aqfeat/ui\-*\*(Aq \-\- cargo build

    Sequential with fail\-fast:
        daft exec \-\-all \-\-sequential \-\- pnpm lint

    Pipeline of commands per worktree:
        daft exec \-\-all \-x \*(Aqmise install\*(Aq \-x \*(Aqpnpm build\*(Aq \-x \*(Aqpnpm test\*(Aq

    Pass\-through to an interactive program (single target):
        daft exec feat/auth \-\- claude
.SH VERSION
v1.11.0
