.ie \n(.g .ds Aq \(aq
.el .ds Aq '
.TH "daft start" 1  "daft start 1.23.0" 
.SH NAME
daft start \- Create a new branch and worktree
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBdaft start\fR [\fB\-\-repo\fR] [\fB\-\-with\-related\fR] [\fB\-c\fR|\fB\-\-carry\fR] [\fB\-\-no\-carry\fR] [\fB\-r\fR|\fB\-\-remote\fR] [\fB\-\-no\-cd\fR] [\fB\-x\fR|\fB\-\-exec\fR] [\fB\-q\fR|\fB\-\-quiet\fR] [\fB\-v\fR|\fB\-\-verbose\fR] [\fB\-@\fR|\fB\-\-at\fR] [\fB\-\-local\fR] [\fB\-\-no\-verify\fR] [\fB\-\-skip\-hooks\fR] [\fB\-h\fR|\fB\-\-help\fR] [\fB\-V\fR|\fB\-\-version\fR] <\fIBRANCH_NAME\fR> [\fIBASE_OR_BRANCH\fR] [\fIBASE\fR] 
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Creates a new branch and a corresponding worktree in a single operation. The
worktree is placed at the project root level as a sibling to other worktrees,
using the branch name as the directory name.
.PP
The new branch is based on the current branch, or on `<base\-branch>` if
specified. After creating the branch locally, it is pushed to the remote and
upstream tracking is configured (unless disabled via daft.checkout.push). The
repo\*(Aqs pre\-push hook runs only when that push introduces new commits; a
ref\-only push of already\-pushed commits skips it (configurable via
daft.checkout.pushVerify: auto, always, or never).
.PP
`daft start` can also create the branch in another repository from the repo
catalog: `daft start <repo> <branch> [base]`, or explicitly with
`\-\-repo <repo>`. Anything meaningful in the current repository wins over a
catalog match. With two names that means, in order: an existing local branch
in the first slot keeps the local reading (and fails fast as "already
exists"); a second name that resolves here is a base, keeping the ordinary
`<branch> <base>` form; naming the repo you are standing in is a redundant
qualifier that stays local; and only then does a live cataloged repo select
cross\-repo creation. Three names are always `<repo> <branch> <base>`. A repo
that is cataloged but moved or removed is reported, never silently read as a
branch name. The resolved destination is announced before any work happens;
without a base the branch is based on the target repo\*(Aqs default branch, the
target repo\*(Aqs hooks run only if it is trusted, and the shell lands in the new
worktree there. Carry (`\-c`) cannot cross repositories; `\-x` runs in the
target worktree.
.PP
With \-\-with\-related, the same branch is also created in every repo the
primary repo\*(Aqs daft.yml `relations:` manifest points at — the entry point
for a coordinated cross\-repo change (pair with `daft exec \-\-related`). The
primary repo is the current one, or the named repo when combined with a
catalog target (the fan\-out is rooted there). Each related repo bases the
branch on its own default branch; carry and \-x stay in the primary repo;
hooks run in a related repo only when it is explicitly trusted. All related
repos must be cloned locally first, and the final working directory is the
primary repo\*(Aqs new worktree.
.PP
This command can be run from anywhere within the repository, or from
outside any repository when a catalog target is named.
.PP
Lifecycle hooks from .daft/hooks/ are executed if the repository is trusted.
See daft\-hooks(1) for hook management.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-\-repo\fR \fI<REPO>\fR
Create the branch in a repository from the catalog (for repo names shadowed by local branches)
.TP
\fB\-\-with\-related\fR
Also create the branch in every related repo (relations manifest), each based on its own default branch
.TP
\fB\-c\fR, \fB\-\-carry\fR
Apply uncommitted changes from the current worktree to the new one
.TP
\fB\-\-no\-carry\fR
Do not carry uncommitted changes
.TP
\fB\-r\fR, \fB\-\-remote\fR \fI<REMOTE>\fR
Remote for worktree organization (multi\-remote mode)
.TP
\fB\-\-no\-cd\fR
Do not change directory to the new worktree
.TP
\fB\-x\fR, \fB\-\-exec\fR \fI<EXEC>\fR
Run a command in the worktree after setup completes (repeatable)
.TP
\fB\-q\fR, \fB\-\-quiet\fR
Operate quietly; suppress progress reporting
.TP
\fB\-v\fR, \fB\-\-verbose\fR
Be verbose; show detailed progress
.TP
\fB\-@\fR, \fB\-\-at\fR \fI<PATH>\fR
Place the worktree at a specific path instead of using the layout template
.TP
\fB\-\-local\fR
Skip all remote operations (no fetch, no push)
.TP
\fB\-\-no\-verify\fR
Skip the repo\*(Aqs pre\-push hook on the automatic upstream push
.TP
\fB\-\-skip\-hooks\fR \fI<SELECTOR>\fR
Skip hooks this run (all | <hook> | tag:<tag> | <job>); repeatable/comma\-separated
.TP
\fB\-h\fR, \fB\-\-help\fR
Print help (see a summary with \*(Aq\-h\*(Aq)
.TP
\fB\-V\fR, \fB\-\-version\fR
Print version
.TP
<\fIBRANCH_NAME\fR>
Name for the new branch; or a cataloged repo to create it in, with `daft start <repo> <branch> [base]`
.TP
[\fIBASE_OR_BRANCH\fR]
Base branch (defaults to the current branch); or, when it names no ref here, the new branch inside `<repo>`
.TP
[\fIBASE\fR]
Base branch inside `<repo>` (three\-name form); must exist there
.SH VERSION
v1.23.0
