.ie \n(.g .ds Aq \(aq
.el .ds Aq '
.TH daft-doctor 1  "daft-doctor " 
.SH NAME
daft\-doctor \- Diagnose daft installation and configuration issues
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBdaft\-doctor\fR [\fB\-v\fR|\fB\-\-verbose\fR] [\fB\-\-fix\fR] [\fB\-\-dry\-run\fR] [\fB\-q\fR|\fB\-\-quiet\fR] [\fB\-h\fR|\fB\-\-help\fR] 
.SH DESCRIPTION
Diagnose daft installation and configuration issues.
.PP
Runs health checks on your daft installation, repository setup,
and hooks configuration. Reports issues with actionable suggestions.
.PP
When run outside a git repository, only installation checks are performed.
Inside a daft\-managed repository, repository and hooks checks run too.
.PP
The \-\-fix flag auto\-repairs: missing command symlinks, missing shortcut
symlinks for partially\-installed styles, orphaned worktree entries,
incorrect fetch refspecs, missing remote HEAD, non\-executable hooks,
and deprecated hook names. Issues requiring manual intervention (binary
not in PATH, git not installed, shell integration) show suggestions only.
.PP
Use \-\-fix \-\-dry\-run to preview planned actions with pre\-flight validation.
Each action shows whether it would succeed or fail (e.g., directory not
writable, conflicting files). Actions marked + would succeed; actions
marked x would fail, with the reason shown below.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-v\fR, \fB\-\-verbose\fR
Show detailed output for each check
.TP
\fB\-\-fix\fR
Auto\-fix issues that can be resolved automatically
.TP
\fB\-\-dry\-run\fR
Preview fixes without applying them (use with \-\-fix)
.TP
\fB\-q\fR, \fB\-\-quiet\fR
Only show warnings and errors
.TP
\fB\-h\fR, \fB\-\-help\fR
Print help (see a summary with \*(Aq\-h\*(Aq)
