.ie \n(.g .ds Aq \(aq
.el .ds Aq '
.TH daft-go 1  "daft-go 1.0.31" 
.SH NAME
daft\-go \- Open an existing branch in a worktree
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBdaft\-go\fR [\fB\-b\fR|\fB\-\-create\-branch\fR] [\fB\-q\fR|\fB\-\-quiet\fR] [\fB\-v\fR|\fB\-\-verbose\fR] [\fB\-c\fR|\fB\-\-carry\fR] [\fB\-\-no\-carry\fR] [\fB\-r\fR|\fB\-\-remote\fR] [\fB\-\-no\-cd\fR] [\fB\-x\fR|\fB\-\-exec\fR] [\fB\-s\fR|\fB\-\-start\fR] [\fB\-h\fR|\fB\-\-help\fR] [\fB\-V\fR|\fB\-\-version\fR] <\fIBRANCH_NAME\fR> [\fIBASE_BRANCH_NAME\fR] 
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Creates a new worktree for an existing local or remote branch. The worktree
is placed at the project root level as a sibling to other worktrees, using
the branch name as the directory name.
.PP
If the branch exists only on the remote, a local tracking branch is created
automatically. If the branch exists both locally and on the remote, the local
branch is checked out and upstream tracking is configured.
.PP
With \-b, creates a new branch and a corresponding worktree in a single
operation. The new branch is based on the current branch, or on <base\-branch>
if specified. After creating the branch locally, it is pushed to the remote
and upstream tracking is configured.
.PP
With \-\-start (or \-s), if the specified branch does not exist locally or on the
remote, a new branch and worktree are created automatically, as if \*(Aqdaft start\*(Aq
had been called. This can also be enabled permanently with the daft.go.autoStart
git config option.
.PP
This command can be run from anywhere within the repository. If a worktree
for the specified branch already exists, no new worktree is created; the
working directory is changed to the existing worktree instead.
.PP
Lifecycle hooks from .daft/hooks/ are executed if the repository is trusted.
See git\-daft(1) for hook management.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-b\fR, \fB\-\-create\-branch\fR
Create a new branch instead of checking out an existing one
.TP
\fB\-q\fR, \fB\-\-quiet\fR
Operate quietly; suppress progress reporting
.TP
\fB\-v\fR, \fB\-\-verbose\fR
Be verbose; show detailed progress
.TP
\fB\-c\fR, \fB\-\-carry\fR
Apply uncommitted changes from the current worktree to the new one
.TP
\fB\-\-no\-carry\fR
Do not carry uncommitted changes
.TP
\fB\-r\fR, \fB\-\-remote\fR \fI<REMOTE>\fR
Remote for worktree organization (multi\-remote mode)
.TP
\fB\-\-no\-cd\fR
Do not change directory to the new worktree
.TP
\fB\-x\fR, \fB\-\-exec\fR \fI<EXEC>\fR
Run a command in the worktree after setup completes (repeatable)
.TP
\fB\-s\fR, \fB\-\-start\fR
Create a new worktree if the branch does not exist
.TP
\fB\-h\fR, \fB\-\-help\fR
Print help (see a summary with \*(Aq\-h\*(Aq)
.TP
\fB\-V\fR, \fB\-\-version\fR
Print version
.TP
<\fIBRANCH_NAME\fR>
Name of the branch to check out (or create with \-b)
.TP
[\fIBASE_BRANCH_NAME\fR]
Branch to use as the base for the new branch (only with \-b); defaults to the current branch
.SH VERSION
v1.0.31
