.ie \n(.g .ds Aq \(aq
.el .ds Aq '
.TH daft-install 1  "daft-install 1.17.0" 
.SH NAME
daft\-install \- Install a starter daft.yml in the current worktree
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBdaft\-install\fR [\fB\-q\fR|\fB\-\-quiet\fR] [\fB\-v\fR|\fB\-\-verbose\fR] [\fB\-\-git\-exclude\fR] [\fB\-h\fR|\fB\-\-help\fR] [\fB\-V\fR|\fB\-\-version\fR] 
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Creates a starter daft.yml at the worktree root with a commented skeleton
covering the major sections (hooks, shared, layout). Modeled on
`lefthook install`.
.PP
This is a top\-level alias for `daft repo install` (the canonical name); both
run the same thing. The alias is kept so lefthook\-style discovery works.
.PP
daft.yml is a per\-worktree file, so install is repo\-aware. Inside a worktree it
targets the worktree root (even from a subdirectory). At the bare container root
of a contained layout it installs across the repo\*(Aqs worktrees — writing the
starter into the default worktree and copying it into the others, like
`daft clone \-\-install`. It refuses only outside a git repository. If a daft.yml
already exists it reports whether the file is tracked or a visitor config and
stops without modifying it.
.PP
After writing daft.yml, daft checks whether git already ignores it. If not, it
offers to add `/daft.yml` to .git/info/exclude — a local, per\-clone exclude
that is never committed, so a visitor config stays invisible to teammates. On a
terminal it prompts (default No); \-\-git\-exclude adds it without prompting; a
non\-interactive run only prints a hint and changes nothing. Without
\-\-git\-exclude, \-\-quiet skips the check entirely. daft never touches the tracked
\&.gitignore.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-q\fR, \fB\-\-quiet\fR
Suppress progress reporting
.TP
\fB\-v\fR, \fB\-\-verbose\fR
Show detailed progress
.TP
\fB\-\-git\-exclude\fR
Add /daft.yml to .git/info/exclude without prompting (keeps it private to this clone)
.TP
\fB\-h\fR, \fB\-\-help\fR
Print help (see a summary with \*(Aq\-h\*(Aq)
.TP
\fB\-V\fR, \fB\-\-version\fR
Print version
.SH VERSION
v1.17.0
