.ie \n(.g .ds Aq \(aq
.el .ds Aq '
.TH daft-run 1  "daft-run 1.23.0" 
.SH NAME
daft\-run \- Run a named task defined in daft.yml
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBdaft\-run\fR [\fB\-\-list\fR] [\fB\-\-job\fR] [\fB\-\-tag\fR] [\fB\-h\fR|\fB\-\-help\fR] [\fB\-V\fR|\fB\-\-version\fR] [\fITASK\fR] 
.SH DESCRIPTION
Run a named task from the current worktree\*(Aqs daft.yml.
.PP
Tasks live under a top\-level `tasks:` section and reuse the hook job schema (jobs, parallel/piped/follow, needs, env, root, skip/only, tags). Bare `git daft run` executes the reserved task named `run`; a first word that names a task runs that task, and any words after it are forwarded to the task as arguments. A first word that names no task is itself forwarded — the whole word list goes to the reserved `run` task. Words after the first are passed through verbatim, flags included, so this command reads its own flags (\-\-list, \-\-job, \-\-tag) only before the first word; write `\-\-` before the first word to forward every word without task\-name matching.
.PP
Forwarded words are shell\-escaped and appended to the task\*(Aqs command, which requires the task to resolve to exactly one foreground job (narrow a multi\-job task with \-\-job). A task resolving to a single job passes the terminal straight through to the command — no wrapping interface; a multi\-job task renders one live row per job with the logs threaded beneath. Tasks run until they exit or you press Ctrl+C (press it twice to force\-kill) — they have no execution timeout, which makes them the home for long\-running dev servers, compose stacks, and watchers.
.PP
Use `run` for tasks committed in daft.yml; use `exec` for an ad\-hoc command you type on the spot.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-\-list\fR
List the tasks defined in daft.yml and exit
.TP
\fB\-\-job\fR \fI<NAME>\fR
Run only the named job within the task
.TP
\fB\-\-tag\fR \fI<TAG>\fR
Run only jobs carrying this tag (repeatable)
.TP
\fB\-h\fR, \fB\-\-help\fR
Print help (see a summary with \*(Aq\-h\*(Aq)
.TP
\fB\-V\fR, \fB\-\-version\fR
Print version
.TP
[\fITASK\fR]
Task to run, then arguments forwarded to it. A first word naming no task is forwarded to the reserved `run` task along with the rest
.SH VERSION
v1.23.0
