.ie \n(.g .ds Aq \(aq
.el .ds Aq '
.TH daft-remove 1  "daft-remove 1.0.31" 
.SH NAME
daft\-remove \- Delete branches and their worktrees
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBdaft\-remove\fR [\fB\-d\fR|\fB\-\-delete\fR] [\fB\-D\fR|\fB\-\-force\fR] [\fB\-q\fR|\fB\-\-quiet\fR] [\fB\-v\fR|\fB\-\-verbose\fR] [\fB\-h\fR|\fB\-\-help\fR] [\fB\-V\fR|\fB\-\-version\fR] [\fIBRANCHES\fR] 
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Deletes one or more local branches along with their associated worktrees and
remote tracking branches in a single operation. This is the inverse of
git\-worktree\-checkout(1) \-b.
.PP
Use \-d for a safe delete that checks whether each branch has been merged.
Use \-D to force\-delete branches regardless of merge status. One of \-d or \-D
is required.
.PP
Arguments can be branch names or worktree paths. When a path is given
(absolute, relative, or "."), the branch checked out in that worktree is
resolved automatically. This is convenient when you are inside a worktree
and want to delete it without remembering the branch name.
.PP
Safety checks (with \-d) prevent accidental data loss. The command refuses to
delete a branch that:
.PP
  \- has uncommitted changes in its worktree
  \- has not been merged (or squash\-merged) into the default branch
  \- is out of sync with its remote tracking branch
.PP
Use \-D to override these safety checks. The command always refuses to delete
the repository\*(Aqs default branch (e.g. main), even with \-D.
.PP
All targeted branches are validated before any deletions begin. If any branch
fails validation without \-D, the entire command aborts and no branches are
deleted.
.PP
Pre\-remove and post\-remove lifecycle hooks are executed for each worktree
removal if the repository is trusted. See git\-daft(1) for hook management.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-d\fR, \fB\-\-delete\fR
Delete branches (safe mode)
.TP
\fB\-D\fR, \fB\-\-force\fR
Force deletion even if not fully merged
.TP
\fB\-q\fR, \fB\-\-quiet\fR
Operate quietly; suppress progress reporting
.TP
\fB\-v\fR, \fB\-\-verbose\fR
Be verbose; show detailed progress
.TP
\fB\-h\fR, \fB\-\-help\fR
Print help (see a summary with \*(Aq\-h\*(Aq)
.TP
\fB\-V\fR, \fB\-\-version\fR
Print version
.TP
[\fIBRANCHES\fR]
Branches to delete (names or worktree paths)
.SH VERSION
v1.0.31
