.ie \n(.g .ds Aq \(aq
.el .ds Aq '
.TH daft-clone 1  "daft-clone 1.5.1" 
.SH NAME
daft\-clone \- Clone a repository into a worktree\-based directory structure
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBdaft\-clone\fR [\fB\-b\fR|\fB\-\-branch\fR] [\fB\-n\fR|\fB\-\-no\-checkout\fR] [\fB\-q\fR|\fB\-\-quiet\fR] [\fB\-v\fR|\fB\-\-verbose\fR]... [\fB\-a\fR|\fB\-\-all\-branches\fR] [\fB\-\-trust\-hooks\fR] [\fB\-\-no\-hooks\fR] [\fB\-r\fR|\fB\-\-remote\fR] [\fB\-\-no\-cd\fR] [\fB\-\-layout\fR] [\fB\-\-columns\fR] [\fB\-x\fR|\fB\-\-exec\fR] [\fB\-h\fR|\fB\-\-help\fR] [\fB\-V\fR|\fB\-\-version\fR] <\fIREPOSITORY_URL\fR> 
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Clones a repository into a directory structure optimized for worktree\-based
development. The resulting layout is:
.PP
    <repository\-name>/.git    (bare repository metadata)
    <repository\-name>/<branch>  (worktree for the checked\-out branch)
.PP
The command first queries the remote to determine the default branch (main,
master, or other configured default), then performs a bare clone and creates
the initial worktree. This structure allows multiple worktrees to be created
as siblings, each containing a different branch.
.PP
If the repository contains a .daft/hooks/ directory and the repository is
trusted, lifecycle hooks are executed. See git\-daft(1) for hook management.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-b\fR, \fB\-\-branch\fR \fI<BRANCH>\fR
Branch to check out (repeatable; use HEAD or @ for default branch)
.TP
\fB\-n\fR, \fB\-\-no\-checkout\fR
Perform a bare clone only; do not create any worktree
.TP
\fB\-q\fR, \fB\-\-quiet\fR
Operate quietly; suppress progress reporting
.TP
\fB\-v\fR, \fB\-\-verbose\fR
Increase verbosity (\-v for hook details, \-vv for full sequential output)
.TP
\fB\-a\fR, \fB\-\-all\-branches\fR
Create a worktree for each remote branch, not just the default
.TP
\fB\-\-trust\-hooks\fR
Trust the repository and allow hooks to run without prompting
.TP
\fB\-\-no\-hooks\fR
Do not run any hooks from the repository
.TP
\fB\-r\fR, \fB\-\-remote\fR \fI<REMOTE>\fR
Organize worktree under this remote folder (enables multi\-remote mode)
.TP
\fB\-\-no\-cd\fR
Do not change directory to the new worktree
.TP
\fB\-\-layout\fR \fI<LAYOUT>\fR
Worktree layout to use for this repository.

Built\-in layouts: contained, sibling, nested, centralized. Can also be a custom layout name from ~/.config/daft/config.toml or an inline template string.
.TP
\fB\-\-columns\fR \fI<COLUMNS>\fR
Columns to display (comma\-separated). Replace: branch,base,age. Modify defaults: +col,\-col. Available: branch, path, size, base, changes, remote, age, annotation, owner, hash, last\-commit
.TP
\fB\-x\fR, \fB\-\-exec\fR \fI<EXEC>\fR
Run a command in the worktree after setup completes (repeatable)
.TP
\fB\-h\fR, \fB\-\-help\fR
Print help (see a summary with \*(Aq\-h\*(Aq)
.TP
\fB\-V\fR, \fB\-\-version\fR
Print version
.TP
<\fIREPOSITORY_URL\fR>
The repository URL to clone (HTTPS or SSH)
.SH VERSION
v1.5.1
