.ie \n(.g .ds Aq \(aq
.el .ds Aq '
.TH daft-fetch 1  "daft-fetch 1.1.0" 
.SH NAME
daft\-fetch \- Update worktree branches from their remote tracking branches
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBdaft\-fetch\fR [\fB\-\-all\fR] [\fB\-f\fR|\fB\-\-force\fR] [\fB\-\-dry\-run\fR] [\fB\-\-rebase\fR] [\fB\-\-autostash\fR] [\fB\-\-ff\-only\fR] [\fB\-\-no\-ff\-only\fR] [\fB\-v\fR|\fB\-\-verbose\fR] [\fB\-q\fR|\fB\-\-quiet\fR] [\fB\-h\fR|\fB\-\-help\fR] [\fB\-V\fR|\fB\-\-version\fR] [\fITARGETS\fR] [\fIPULL_ARGS\fR] 
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Updates worktree branches by pulling from their remote tracking branches.
.PP
For each target worktree, the command navigates to that directory and runs
`git pull` with the configured options. By default, only fast\-forward updates
are allowed (\-\-ff\-only).
.PP
Targets can be specified by worktree directory name or branch name. If no
targets are specified and \-\-all is not used, the current worktree is updated.
.PP
Worktrees with uncommitted changes are skipped unless \-\-force is specified.
Use \-\-dry\-run to preview what would be done without making changes.
.PP
Arguments after \-\- are passed directly to git pull, allowing full control
over the pull behavior.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-\-all\fR
Update all worktrees
.TP
\fB\-f\fR, \fB\-\-force\fR
Update even with uncommitted changes
.TP
\fB\-\-dry\-run\fR
Show what would be done
.TP
\fB\-\-rebase\fR
Use git pull \-\-rebase
.TP
\fB\-\-autostash\fR
Use git pull \-\-autostash
.TP
\fB\-\-ff\-only\fR
Only fast\-forward (default)
.TP
\fB\-\-no\-ff\-only\fR
Allow merge commits
.TP
\fB\-v\fR, \fB\-\-verbose\fR
Be verbose; show detailed progress
.TP
\fB\-q\fR, \fB\-\-quiet\fR
Suppress non\-error output
.TP
\fB\-h\fR, \fB\-\-help\fR
Print help (see a summary with \*(Aq\-h\*(Aq)
.TP
\fB\-V\fR, \fB\-\-version\fR
Print version
.TP
[\fITARGETS\fR]
Target worktree(s) by directory name or branch name
.TP
[\fIPULL_ARGS\fR]
Additional arguments to pass to git pull
.SH VERSION
v1.1.0
