.ie \n(.g .ds Aq \(aq
.el .ds Aq '
.TH git-worktree-exec 1  "git-worktree-exec 1.22.0" 
.SH NAME
git\-worktree\-exec \- Run a command across one or more worktrees
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBgit\-worktree\-exec\fR [\fB\-\-all\fR] [\fB\-\-repo\fR] [\fB\-\-all\-repos\fR] [\fB\-\-related\fR] [\fB\-x\fR|\fB\-\-exec\fR] [\fB\-\-sequential\fR] [\fB\-\-keep\-going\fR] [\fB\-\-refresh\-aliases\fR] [\fB\-v\fR|\fB\-\-verbose\fR] [\fB\-h\fR|\fB\-\-help\fR] [\fB\-V\fR|\fB\-\-version\fR] [\fITARGETS\fR] [\fICMD\fR] 
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Runs one or more commands against one or more selected worktrees without
changing the current directory.
.PP
Targets may be given as positional branch or worktree\-directory names, or
globs against branch names (e.g. \*(Aqfeat/*\*(Aq). Use \-\-all to target every
worktree in the repository. Positionals and \-\-all are mutually exclusive.
.PP
Commands are expressed either as a literal argv after \-\-, or as one or
more \-x shell strings. The two forms are mutually exclusive. Multiple \-x
values run sequentially per worktree; a failure stops that worktree but
does not stop other worktrees.
.PP
When you name a single explicit target — one positional branch/worktree name,
or a bare \-\-repo — stdio is fully inherited, making interactive programs
(claude, vim, fzf) work the same as if you had cd\*(Aqd into the worktree first.
.PP
On an interactive terminal, fan\-out runs (\-\-all, a glob, \-\-all\-repos,
\-\-related, or several positionals) render a live rail: one row per worktree,
filled in place, persisted as a receipt — even when the selection resolves to a
single worktree. Failed worktrees thread their captured output under their row;
pass \-v to thread every worktree\*(Aqs output (and, when stdout is redirected, dump
successful worktrees\*(Aq output too). The flag has no effect on single\-target
pass\-through runs (stdio is already inherited).
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-\-all\fR
Target every worktree in the repository
.TP
\fB\-\-repo\fR \fI<REPO>\fR
Run in another cataloged repository (targets and \-\-all apply there)
.TP
\fB\-\-all\-repos\fR
Run in every cataloged repository\*(Aqs default\-branch worktree
.TP
\fB\-\-related\fR
Run across this repo and its related repos (relations manifest), in each one\*(Aqs worktree for the current branch
.TP
\fB\-x\fR, \fB\-\-exec\fR \fI<CMD>\fR
Shell command to run (repeatable); runs via $SHELL \-c
.TP
\fB\-\-sequential\fR
Run worktrees one at a time and stop on first failure
.TP
\fB\-\-keep\-going\fR
Run worktrees one at a time and continue through failures
.TP
\fB\-\-refresh\-aliases\fR
Re\-capture user shell aliases instead of using the cached snapshot
.TP
\fB\-v\fR, \fB\-\-verbose\fR
Thread each worktree\*(Aqs full output into the rail and dump captured output for successful worktrees too (no\-op for single\-target pass\-through runs)
.TP
\fB\-h\fR, \fB\-\-help\fR
Print help (see a summary with \*(Aq\-h\*(Aq)
.TP
\fB\-V\fR, \fB\-\-version\fR
Print version
.TP
[\fITARGETS\fR]
Target worktree(s) by branch name, directory name, or glob
.TP
[\fICMD\fR]
Trailing command vector after `\-\-`. Mutually exclusive with `\-x`
.SH EXTRA
EXAMPLES:
    Run a single command across all worktrees:
        daft exec \-\-all \-\- npm test

    Run on specific branches (glob and exact mix):
        daft exec feat/auth \*(Aqfeat/ui\-*\*(Aq \-\- cargo build

    Sequential with fail\-fast:
        daft exec \-\-all \-\-sequential \-\- pnpm lint

    Pipeline of commands per worktree:
        daft exec \-\-all \-x \*(Aqmise install\*(Aq \-x \*(Aqpnpm build\*(Aq \-x \*(Aqpnpm test\*(Aq

    Pass\-through to an interactive program (single target):
        daft exec feat/auth \-\- claude

    Thread every worktree\*(Aqs output (and dump successes when redirected):
        daft exec \-\-all \-v \-\- cargo build \-\-timings
.SH VERSION
v1.22.0
