.ie \n(.g .ds Aq \(aq
.el .ds Aq '
.TH git-worktree-branch 1  "git-worktree-branch 1.0.34" 
.SH NAME
git\-worktree\-branch \- Delete or rename branches and their worktrees
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBgit\-worktree\-branch\fR [\fB\-d\fR|\fB\-\-delete\fR] [\fB\-D\fR|\fB\-\-force\fR] [\fB\-m\fR|\fB\-\-move\fR] [\fB\-\-no\-remote\fR] [\fB\-\-dry\-run\fR] [\fB\-q\fR|\fB\-\-quiet\fR] [\fB\-v\fR|\fB\-\-verbose\fR] [\fB\-h\fR|\fB\-\-help\fR] [\fB\-V\fR|\fB\-\-version\fR] [\fIBRANCHES\fR] 
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Manage branches and their associated worktrees. Supports deletion (\-d/\-D)
and renaming (\-m).
.PP
DELETE MODE (\-d / \-D)
.PP
Deletes one or more local branches along with their associated worktrees and
remote tracking branches in a single operation. This is the inverse of
git\-worktree\-checkout(1) \-b.
.PP
Use \-d for a safe delete that checks whether each branch has been merged.
Use \-D to force\-delete branches regardless of merge status.
.PP
Arguments can be branch names or worktree paths. When a path is given
(absolute, relative, or "."), the branch checked out in that worktree is
resolved automatically. This is convenient when you are inside a worktree
and want to delete it without remembering the branch name.
.PP
Safety checks (with \-d) prevent accidental data loss. The command refuses to
delete a branch that:
.PP
  \- has uncommitted changes in its worktree
  \- has not been merged (or squash\-merged) into the default branch
  \- is out of sync with its remote tracking branch
.PP
Use \-D to override these safety checks. The command always refuses to delete
the repository\*(Aqs default branch (e.g. main), even with \-D.
.PP
All targeted branches are validated before any deletions begin. If any branch
fails validation without \-D, the entire command aborts and no branches are
deleted.
.PP
Pre\-remove and post\-remove lifecycle hooks are executed for each worktree
removal if the repository is trusted. See git\-daft(1) for hook management.
.PP
RENAME MODE (\-m)
.PP
Renames a local branch and moves its associated worktree directory to match
the new branch name. If the branch has a remote tracking branch, the remote
branch is also renamed (push new name, delete old name) unless \-\-no\-remote
is specified.
.PP
The source can be specified as a branch name or a path to an existing
worktree (absolute or relative).
.PP
If you are currently inside the worktree being renamed, the shell is
redirected to the new worktree location after the rename completes.
.PP
Empty parent directories left behind by the move are automatically cleaned up.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-d\fR, \fB\-\-delete\fR
Delete branches (safe mode)
.TP
\fB\-D\fR, \fB\-\-force\fR
Force deletion even if not fully merged
.TP
\fB\-m\fR, \fB\-\-move\fR
Rename a branch and move its worktree
.TP
\fB\-\-no\-remote\fR
Skip remote branch rename (only with \-m)
.TP
\fB\-\-dry\-run\fR
Preview changes without executing (only with \-m)
.TP
\fB\-q\fR, \fB\-\-quiet\fR
Operate quietly; suppress progress reporting
.TP
\fB\-v\fR, \fB\-\-verbose\fR
Be verbose; show detailed progress
.TP
\fB\-h\fR, \fB\-\-help\fR
Print help (see a summary with \*(Aq\-h\*(Aq)
.TP
\fB\-V\fR, \fB\-\-version\fR
Print version
.TP
[\fIBRANCHES\fR]
Branches (delete mode) or source + new\-name (rename mode)
.SH VERSION
v1.0.34
