.ie \n(.g .ds Aq \(aq
.el .ds Aq '
.TH git-worktree-list 1  "git-worktree-list 1.2.1" 
.SH NAME
git\-worktree\-list \- List all worktrees with status information
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBgit\-worktree\-list\fR [\fB\-\-json\fR] [\fB\-v\fR|\fB\-\-verbose\fR] [\fB\-b\fR|\fB\-\-branches\fR] [\fB\-r\fR|\fB\-\-remotes\fR] [\fB\-a\fR|\fB\-\-all\fR] [\fB\-\-stat\fR] [\fB\-\-columns\fR] [\fB\-\-sort\fR] [\fB\-h\fR|\fB\-\-help\fR] [\fB\-V\fR|\fB\-\-version\fR] 
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Lists all worktrees in the current project with enriched status information
including uncommitted changes, ahead/behind counts vs. both the base branch
and the remote tracking branch, branch age, and last commit details.
.PP
Each worktree is shown with:
  \- A `>` marker for the current worktree
  \- Branch name, with `✦` for the default branch
  \- Relative path from the current directory
  \- Ahead/behind counts vs. the base branch (e.g. +3 \-1)
  \- File status: +N staged, \-N unstaged, ?N untracked
  \- Remote tracking status: ⇡N unpushed, ⇣N unpulled
  \- Branch age since creation (e.g. 3d, 2w, 5mo)
  \- Last commit: shorthand age + subject (e.g. 1h fix login bug)
.PP
Ages use shorthand notation: <1m, Xm, Xh, Xd, Xw, Xmo, Xy.
.PP
Use \-b / \-\-branches to also show local branches without a worktree.
Use \-r / \-\-remotes to also show remote tracking branches.
Use \-a / \-\-all to show both (equivalent to \-b \-r).
.PP
Non\-worktree branches are shown with dimmed styling and blank Path/Changes columns.
.PP
Use \-\-stat lines to show line\-level change counts (insertions and deletions)
instead of the default summary (commit counts for base/remote, file counts for
changes). This is slower as it requires computing diffs for each worktree.
.PP
Use \-\-json for machine\-readable output suitable for scripting.
.PP
Use \-\-columns to select which columns are shown and in what order.
  Replace mode:  \-\-columns branch,path,age (exact set and order)
  Modifier mode: \-\-columns \-annotation,\-last\-commit (remove from defaults)
  Add optional:  \-\-columns +size (add disk size column after path)
Defaults can be set in git config with daft.list.columns.
.PP
The size column is not shown by default. Add it with \-\-columns +size to see the
disk size of each worktree folder in human\-readable format (e.g. 42K, 1.3M, 2.5G).
A summary row at the bottom shows the total size across all worktrees.
.PP
Use \-\-sort to control the sort order. Prefix with + for ascending (default) or
\- for descending. Multiple columns can be comma\-separated for multi\-level sort.
  Sort by branch descending:  \-\-sort \-branch
  Sort by owner then size:    \-\-sort +owner,\-size
  Most recent activity first: \-\-sort \-activity
.PP
Sortable columns: branch, path, size, age, owner, activity, commit (alias:
last\-commit). activity considers both commits and uncommitted file changes;
commit sorts by last commit time only. You can sort by columns not shown in
the output (e.g. \-\-sort \-size without \-\-columns +size). Defaults can be set
with daft.list.sort.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-\-json\fR
Output in JSON format
.TP
\fB\-v\fR, \fB\-\-verbose\fR
Be verbose; show detailed progress
.TP
\fB\-b\fR, \fB\-\-branches\fR
Also show local branches without a worktree
.TP
\fB\-r\fR, \fB\-\-remotes\fR
Also show remote tracking branches
.TP
\fB\-a\fR, \fB\-\-all\fR
Show all branches (equivalent to \-b \-r)
.TP
\fB\-\-stat\fR \fI<STAT>\fR
Statistics mode: summary or lines (default: from git config daft.list.stat, or summary)
.br

.br
\fIPossible values:\fR
.RS 14
.IP \(bu 2
summary: Summary counts: commits for base/remote, files for changes (default)
.IP \(bu 2
lines: Line\-level counts: insertions/deletions for all columns
.RE
.TP
\fB\-\-columns\fR \fI<COLUMNS>\fR
Columns to display (comma\-separated). Replace: branch,path,age. Modify defaults: +col,\-col
.TP
\fB\-\-sort\fR \fI<SORT>\fR
Sort order (comma\-separated). +col ascending, \-col descending. Columns: branch, path, size, base, changes, remote, age, owner, activity, commit
.TP
\fB\-h\fR, \fB\-\-help\fR
Print help (see a summary with \*(Aq\-h\*(Aq)
.TP
\fB\-V\fR, \fB\-\-version\fR
Print version
.SH VERSION
v1.2.1
