.ie \n(.g .ds Aq \(aq
.el .ds Aq '
.TH git-worktree-sync 1  "git-worktree-sync 1.21.1" 
.SH NAME
git\-worktree\-sync \- Synchronize worktrees with remote (prune + update all)
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBgit\-worktree\-sync\fR [\fB\-v\fR|\fB\-\-verbose\fR]... [\fB\-f\fR|\fB\-\-prune\-dirty\fR] [\fB\-\-rebase\fR] [\fB\-\-autostash\fR] [\fB\-\-push\fR] [\fB\-\-force\-with\-lease\fR] [\fB\-\-no\-verify\fR] [\fB\-\-include\fR] [\fB\-\-stat\fR] [\fB\-\-columns\fR] [\fB\-\-sort\fR] [\fB\-\-jobs\fR] [\fB\-\-no\-throttle\fR] [\fB\-h\fR|\fB\-\-help\fR] [\fB\-V\fR|\fB\-\-version\fR] 
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Synchronizes all worktrees with the remote in a single command.
.PP
This is equivalent to running `daft prune` followed by `daft update \-\-all`:
.PP
  1. Prune: fetches with \-\-prune, removes worktrees and branches for deleted
     remote branches, executes lifecycle hooks for each removal.
  2. Update: pulls all remaining worktrees from their remote tracking branches.
  3. Rebase (\-\-rebase BRANCH): rebases all remaining worktrees onto BRANCH.
     Best\-effort: conflicts are immediately aborted and reported.
  4. Push (\-\-push): pushes all branches to their remote tracking branches.
     Branches without an upstream are skipped. Push failures are reported as
     warnings; they do not cause sync to fail. Use \-\-force\-with\-lease with
     \-\-push to force\-push rebased branches.
.PP
If you are currently inside a worktree that gets pruned, the shell is redirected
to a safe location (project root by default, or as configured via
daft.prune.cdTarget).
.PP
Resource governing: parallel pushes with a pre\-push hook are memory\-governed.
Concurrency is capped (default max(2, cores/4); `\-\-jobs N` overrides,
`\-\-no\-throttle` disables), admissions pause under memory pressure, each hook\*(Aqs
peak memory is learned across runs, and under sustained pressure the newest
push is frozen — then killed and retried — instead of exhausting the machine.
Every push unit gets a wall\-clock budget (`daft.sync.pushTimeout`, default
30m). `daft.sync.pushHookStrategy batched` pushes all branches in one
`git push` so the hook runs once with every ref.
.PP
Cancellation: the first Ctrl+C (or SIGTERM) cancels gracefully — no new work
starts and every running git subprocess is torn down. A pre\-push hook and all
of its descendants are killed by process group, reaching even stages that moved
to their own process groups or were stopped by terminal job control; an
interrupted rebase is aborted to restore the worktree; and sync prints partial
results and exits 130. A second Ctrl+C force\-kills anything still running and
exits immediately.
.PP
For fine\-grained control over either phase, use `daft prune` and `daft update`
separately.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-v\fR, \fB\-\-verbose\fR
Increase verbosity (\-v for hook details, \-vv for full sequential output)
.TP
\fB\-f\fR, \fB\-\-prune\-dirty\fR
Force removal of worktrees with uncommitted changes
.TP
\fB\-\-rebase\fR \fI<BRANCH>\fR
Rebase all branches onto BRANCH after updating
.TP
\fB\-\-autostash\fR
Automatically stash and unstash uncommitted changes before/after rebase
.TP
\fB\-\-push\fR
Push all branches to their remotes after syncing
.TP
\fB\-\-force\-with\-lease\fR
Use \-\-force\-with\-lease when pushing (requires \-\-push)
.TP
\fB\-\-no\-verify\fR
Skip the repo\*(Aqs pre\-push hook when pushing (requires \-\-push)
.TP
\fB\-\-include\fR \fI<INCLUDE>\fR
Include additional branches in rebase/push (email, branch name, or \*(Aqunowned\*(Aq)
.TP
\fB\-\-stat\fR \fI<STAT>\fR
Statistics mode: summary or lines (default: from git config daft.sync.stat, or summary)
.br

.br
\fIPossible values:\fR
.RS 14
.IP \(bu 2
summary: Summary counts: commits for base/remote, files for changes (default)
.IP \(bu 2
lines: Line\-level counts: insertions/deletions for all columns
.RE
.TP
\fB\-\-columns\fR \fI<COLUMNS>\fR
Columns to display (comma\-separated). Replace: branch,path,age. Modify defaults: +col,\-col. Available: branch, path, size, base, changes, remote, age, annotation, owner, hash, last\-commit
.TP
\fB\-\-sort\fR \fI<SORT>\fR
Sort order (comma\-separated). +col ascending, \-col descending. Columns: branch, path, size, base, changes, remote, age, owner, hash, activity, commit
.TP
\fB\-\-jobs\fR \fI<N>\fR
Cap concurrent pushes when a pre\-push hook is present (requires \-\-push; default: from daft.governor.jobs, or max(2, cores/4))
.TP
\fB\-\-no\-throttle\fR
Disable the push resource governor for this run (requires \-\-push)
.TP
\fB\-h\fR, \fB\-\-help\fR
Print help (see a summary with \*(Aq\-h\*(Aq)
.TP
\fB\-V\fR, \fB\-\-version\fR
Print version
.SH VERSION
v1.21.1
