.ie \n(.g .ds Aq \(aq
.el .ds Aq '
.TH git-daft-repo-link 1  "git-daft-repo-link 1.23.0" 
.SH NAME
git\-daft\-repo\-link \- Declare a relation from this repo to another
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBgit\-daft\-repo\-link\fR [\fB\-\-name\fR] [\fB\-\-kind\fR] [\fB\-h\fR|\fB\-\-help\fR] [\fB\-V\fR|\fB\-\-version\fR] <\fITARGET\fR> 
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Adds a directed relation from the current repo to a target, writing a
well\-formed entry into the current worktree\*(Aqs daft.yml `relations:` list. The
manifest is committed and team\-shared; relations power `git daft exec
\-\-related`, `git daft start \-\-with\-related`, and the `git daft repo info`
Relations section.
.PP
The target is resolved to a remote URL — the portable key relations match on —
in this order: a catalog repo name (or a repo path daft has cataloged), then a
path to a git repo on disk, then a remote URL used as\-is. A URL that isn\*(Aqt
cloned yet is fine: the edge resolves as "not cloned" until it is.
.PP
Linking is idempotent. Re\-linking an existing edge is a no\-op; passing \-\-name
or \-\-kind updates that edge in place. Editing only touches the `relations:`
block — comments and formatting elsewhere in daft.yml are preserved. Commit the
result to share the relation with your team.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-\-name\fR \fI<LABEL>\fR
Friendly label for the edge (defaults to the URL\*(Aqs last path segment)
.TP
\fB\-\-kind\fR \fI<KIND>\fR
Free\-form relationship kind (e.g. consumer, library)
.TP
\fB\-h\fR, \fB\-\-help\fR
Print help (see a summary with \*(Aq\-h\*(Aq)
.TP
\fB\-V\fR, \fB\-\-version\fR
Print version
.TP
<\fITARGET\fR>
Catalog repo name, a repo path, or a remote URL to link to
.SH VERSION
v1.23.0
