.ie \n(.g .ds Aq \(aq
.el .ds Aq '
.TH git-daft-repo-remove 1  "git-daft-repo-remove 1.22.0" 
.SH NAME
git\-daft\-repo\-remove \- Remove a Git repository and all its worktrees
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBgit\-daft\-repo\-remove\fR [\fB\-\-repo\fR] [\fB\-\-keep\-files\fR] [\fB\-y\fR|\fB\-\-force\fR] [\fB\-\-dry\-run\fR] [\fB\-v\fR|\fB\-\-verbose\fR]... [\fB\-h\fR|\fB\-\-help\fR] [\fB\-V\fR|\fB\-\-version\fR] [\fIPATH\fR] 
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Removes a Git repository identified by `<path>` (or the current directory if
no path is given), including the git dir and every checked\-out
worktree. For each worktree, the worktree\-pre\-remove and worktree\-post\-remove
lifecycle hooks are run when the repository is daft\-managed and trusted.
.PP
`\-\-repo <name>` addresses a cataloged repository by name instead of a path
and is mutually exclusive with the positional.
.PP
`\-\-keep\-files` removes the repository from the repo catalog only: nothing on
disk is touched, no hooks run, and no confirmation is asked (the operation
is reversible — daft re\-registers repos it runs inside, and removed entries
are restorable by name with `git daft clone <name>`). Combined with `\-\-repo`
it also works when the recorded directory is already gone, dropping the
stale entry. When the repository is cataloged, the interactive confirmation
offers this as the `k` choice.
.PP
Hook failures do not abort removal; failed hooks are summarized after the
operation completes. The repo is removed regardless.
.PP
worktree\-post\-remove fires AFTER the worktree directory has been deleted —
$DAFT_WORKTREE_PATH points at a path that no longer exists. Hook scripts that
need to inspect the worktree must do so in worktree\-pre\-remove.
.PP
Refuses to operate on paths that are not inside a Git repository.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-\-repo\fR \fI<NAME>\fR
Cataloged repository to remove (instead of a path)
.TP
\fB\-\-keep\-files\fR
Only remove the repo from the catalog; leave all files on disk
.TP
\fB\-y\fR, \fB\-\-force\fR
Skip the confirmation prompt
.TP
\fB\-\-dry\-run\fR
Print what would be removed without touching anything
.TP
\fB\-v\fR, \fB\-\-verbose\fR
Increase verbosity (\-v hook details, \-vv full sequential output)
.TP
\fB\-h\fR, \fB\-\-help\fR
Print help (see a summary with \*(Aq\-h\*(Aq)
.TP
\fB\-V\fR, \fB\-\-version\fR
Print version
.TP
[\fIPATH\fR]
Path to the repo or any directory inside it (default: cwd)
.SH VERSION
v1.22.0
