.ie \n(.g .ds Aq \(aq
.el .ds Aq '
.TH git-daft-repo-list 1  "git-daft-repo-list 1.21.0" 
.SH NAME
git\-daft\-repo\-list \- List repositories in the repo catalog
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBgit\-daft\-repo\-list\fR [\fB\-a\fR|\fB\-\-all\fR] [\fB\-w\fR|\fB\-\-worktrees\fR] [\fB\-\-columns\fR] [\fB\-\-format\fR] [\fB\-\-template\fR] [\fB\-\-no\-headers\fR] [\fB\-q\fR|\fB\-\-quiet\fR] [\fB\-h\fR|\fB\-\-help\fR] [\fB\-V\fR|\fB\-\-version\fR] 
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Lists the repositories daft knows about. The catalog fills itself: cloning,
initializing, adopting, or running daft commands inside a repo registers it
automatically; `git daft repo add` registers one manually.
.PP
Removed repositories keep a catalog entry (so their job logs stay
addressable and `git daft clone <name>` can restore them); show them with
\-\-all.
.PP
Use \-\-columns to select which columns are shown and in what order.
  Replace mode:  \-\-columns name,path,remote (exact set and order)
  Modifier mode: \-\-columns \-remote (remove from defaults)
  Add optional:  \-\-columns +size,+layout,+branch (add to defaults)
.PP
The size column is not shown by default — it walks every repository, so it
is opt\-in, same as the worktree commands. On a terminal the sizes stream in
live while the table renders immediately, with a total row summing them.
The recorded worktree layout (+layout) and default branch (+branch) are
likewise opt\-in; structured output includes both by default.
.PP
With \-\-worktrees, each repository expands into its worktrees — one tree line
per worktree with its branch and checkout path. Structured output then nests
a worktrees array per repository in place of the count, which narrows the
supported formats to json, yaml, toon, and markdown.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-a\fR, \fB\-\-all\fR
Include removed repositories
.TP
\fB\-w\fR, \fB\-\-worktrees\fR
Expand each repository with its worktrees
.TP
\fB\-\-columns\fR \fI<COLUMNS>\fR
Columns to display (comma\-separated). Replace: name,path,remote. Modify defaults: +col,\-col. Available: annotation, name, worktrees, layout, branch, path, size, remote
.TP
\fB\-\-format\fR \fI<FORMAT>\fR
Output format. Mutually exclusive with \-\-template
.br

.br
\fIPossible values:\fR
.RS 14
.IP \(bu 2
json
.IP \(bu 2
ndjson
.IP \(bu 2
tsv
.IP \(bu 2
csv
.IP \(bu 2
yaml
.IP \(bu 2
toon
.IP \(bu 2
markdown
.RE
.TP
\fB\-\-template\fR \fI<STR>\fR
Tera template string. Mutually exclusive with \-\-format
.TP
\fB\-\-no\-headers\fR
Omit header row (tsv/csv only)
.TP
\fB\-q\fR, \fB\-\-quiet\fR
Suppress progress reporting
.TP
\fB\-h\fR, \fB\-\-help\fR
Print help (see a summary with \*(Aq\-h\*(Aq)
.TP
\fB\-V\fR, \fB\-\-version\fR
Print version
.SH VERSION
v1.21.0
